# Running an Install Script

Say your feature needs to run a script that will install database tables while the feature is being installed. Well, that's what the install script is for, in case you didn't know.

Let's say your install script is located at `great_calc/config/install.php`. How do you get it to run? Good question. You may have taken a gander at `documentation/features/91-config.md` and noticed a section called `configuration_scripts`. Well, that's where you would say that `config/install.php` should run when the feature is being installed.

It would look something like this:

```php
<?php

$Theamus->Call->set_feature_config(array(
    // System Required
    ...

    // Feature Required
    ...

    // Feature Optional
    ...
    "configuration_scripts" => array(
        "install" => array("config/install.php"),
        ...
    ),

    // Optional Author Information
    ...
));
```

Now, when your feature is being installed, it will load the `great_calc/config/install.php` file. Next, you need to get the file  to run something so there's a specifically named function that will run, if you have it defined. It's so simply named `install()`.

`config/install.php` would look something like this:

```php
<?php

function install($Theamus, $prefix) {
    // you have the entire Theamus class, and the generated table prefix to use for installing tables
}
```

The first parameter is going to be the Theamus class, so you can use all of it if you want to. Most likely you'll be looking for the `$Theamus->DB` class. The `$prefix` parameter is a database table prefix that is unique to your feature. This is generated by Theamus and will be how Theamus looks for your feature's tables. Obviously, you don't need the prefix if you want your tables to stay forever, but it's reccomended you include it into your table names.